Fix sequence diagram of update workload (#143)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: agent/doc/swdesign/README.md

![Handling UpdateWorkload](plantuml/seq_update_workload.svg)

#### RuntimeManager creates Control Interface Instance for each workload
`swdd~agent-create-control-interface-pipes-per-workload~1`

Status: approved

> When the AgentManager gets an `UpdateWorkload` message, for each added Workload with a runtime that is known, the RuntimeManager shall create a Control Interface Instance for this Workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the RuntimeManager receives a call to handle an `UpdateWorkload` message, for each added Workload with a runtime that is known, the RuntimeManager shall create a Control Interface Instance for this Workload.
```
